Master, it's getting late, brother.
senior brother
It was produced by the master today.
Let's go to the master and face each other on the pillar together
Mr. Luo, you have been waiting for 3 hours
Don't talk about incense, it's time to come back to work, right?
Hey
Yaoyao, be careful
All sleepy
Shouldn't be on
You gave him a drink
I am happy today.
You have a drink with me too
OK
Mr. Lu, recognize the reality
What you can't do is
Then why are you so wary of me?
I'm afraid I'll take a chance and let me tell you
It's because you saw the eye exchange between me and Tang Yao
It's because you saw the relationship between me and Tang Yao even though
Wait for this tacit understanding without speaking
It's because of jealousy and you're tired of seeing the sun
Am I right?
senior brother
When are you going to talk about it?
I want a drink
Put me down! Put me down!
Long Xue
If you always have someone by your side
Why can't it be me?
It's too late I'm going to bed
You are running away from me
Or afraid of heartache
Dangerous Dangerous
Or are you afraid that I will be in danger?